Some programmig concepts

The physical devices of which a computer is made are referred to as the 
computer’s hardware. The programs that run on a computer are referred 
to as software.

CPU( Central Processing unity )
The CPU is the most important component 
in a computer because without it, the computer could not run software.

Nowadays the CPU are called microprocessors and are more powerfull
than older CPUs

The Main memory is where the program and his data are stocked while 
runing.
Main memory is commonly known as random-access memory, or RAM.

Secondary storage is a type of memory that can hold data for long periods of time, even 
when there is no power to the computer. 
thr common name is the disk drive.

USB (Universal serial Bus)

USB drives, which are also known as 
memory sticks and flash drives, 
Notes : USB store data in what is called flash memory


All data that is stored in a computer is converted to sequences of 0s 
and 1s.

Unicode is an extensive encoding scheme that is compatible with ASCII, but can 
also represent characters for many of the languages in the world.

The term digital can be used to describe 
anything that uses binary numbers.

The term pixel stands for picture 
element.

A digital 
song is broken into small pieces known as samples

A computer’s CPU can only understand instructions that are written in 
machine language. Because people find it very difficult to write entire 
programs in machine language, other programming languages have been 
invented.

The entire set of instructions that a 
CPU can execute is known as the CPU’s instruction set.

When a CPU executes the instructions in a program, it is engaged in a process that is known 
as the fetch-decode-execute cycle.

assembly language uses short words that are known as mnemonics.
. For example, in assembly language, the mnemonic add typically means to add numbers, 
mul typically means to multiply numbers, and mov typically means to move a value to a 
location in memory

To convert assembly language(programs mnemonics) to machine language
we use the assembler

The Python language uses an interpreter, which is a program that both translates and 
executes the instructions in a high-level language program.